feat!: Enable pprof server on demand (#16594) (#17068)
argoproj/argo-cd: docs/operator-manual/profiling.md

# Profiling with `pprof`

[`pprof`](https://go.dev/blog/pprof) is a powerful tool for profiling Go applications. It is part of the Go standard library and provides rich insights into the performance characteristics of Go programs, such as CPU usage, memory allocation, and contention.

## Basic Usage

Enable profiling endpoints by setting the environment variable `ARGO_PPROF` with your preferred port. For instance, `ARGO_PPROF=8888` will start profiling endpoints on port `8888`.

`pprof` has two modes: interactive and non-interactive. Non-interactive mode generates profiling data for future analysis. Interactive mode launches a web server to visualize the profiling data in real-time.

> !! Note "Replace URLs"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
!!! Note
```

woops, I had a typo here in my previous suggestion, my bad 😅 It's supposed to be _triple_ exclamation.
Also I forgot it doesn't require a title, I think it's cleaner without, since it's only a short sentence

>     In the below commands, replace http://localhost:6060 with the appropriate URL of your Argo component.

Reviewer: Just realized, we might want to recommend that users port-forward the `pprof` port to their `localhost`, since the port should generally not be accessible via Ingress (unlike the UI, for example)

Author: I used localhost to implicitly suggest the port-forward, but you are right and in this case, more explicit is better as exposing this server could be risky

> !!! Note
>     You should use port-forward for below commands, replacing http://localhost:6060 with the appropriate URL of your Argo component. Don't expose pprof server publically!

Reviewer: This has unticked `pprof`, publicly is misspelled, etc, but I might actually suggest a different approach that could make this easier to interpret / understand:

```suggestion
!!! Note "Port Forward"
    [Port forwarding](https://kubernetes.io/docs/tasks/access-application-cluster/port-forward-access-application-cluster/) is a more secure approach to access debug level information than exposing these endpoints via an Ingress.
    The below examples assume you have an Argo component forwarded to `http://localhost:6060`, but you can replace that with your preferred local port.
```
